Miscellaneous training material updates (#834)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: scRNA-seq/03-normalizing_scRNA.Rmd

---

> In this notebook, we'll continue with processing the same dataset that we have been working with, moving onto normalization of scRNA-seq count data that we have already done quality-control analyses on.

Reviewer: Reading this sentence, it seems redundant. Maybe just getting rid of the last clause is the move?

```suggestion
In this notebook, we'll continue with processing the same dataset that we have been working with, moving on to normalization of scRNA-seq count data.
```
